WhizWheel is a simple iPhone application for pilots that provides a faster
alternative to the primary navigation calculations generally performed with a
circular slide rule (such as the CRP-1). Namely the calculation of track,
ground speed and flight time for a given air speed and heading, given the
current wind speed and direction.

As well as calculating the wind effect for a single point, the application
can help with ad-hoc navigation (such as diversions) by generating a
textual "wind rose" that shows the effect of wind in all directions; at
either 30 or 45 degree intervals.

As it is an iPhone application, the iPhone SDK is required to build
WhizWheel. The SDK will also allow WhizWheel to be run on the iPhone
simulator. To install your own builds of the application on an actual
iPhone requires an iPhone Developer Program membership.

The WhizWheel application can be downloaded in binary form, for free, from
the iTunes AppStore:

    itms://itunes.apple.com/WebObjects/MZStore.woa/wa/viewSoftware?id=319560423

Version change lists can be found on the iTunes page or in the CHANGES file.

-----

Copyright 2009 - 2010
Vrai Stacey <vrai.stacey@gmail.com>

This file is part of WhizWheel.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option)
any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for
more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
